Executive Summary:

Sometimes people take education for granted, overlooking that not everyone has the privilege to experience it. Many students face financial struggles, which can pose challenges when accessing university education, particularly if they lack the means for a personal vehicle or if they live so far, public transportation is not an option. However, these circumstances should not impede their ability to pursue higher education and better themselves. 

With Unicarpool getting to university will be affordable, safe, convenient, and eco-friendly. Unicarpool is a system designed specifically for students that will eliminate the challenges of commuting alone for hours and connect like-minded students, promoting safety and a sense of community within the campus environment. Some of the system's features are user registration and authentification, ride booking, reviews and ratings, driver matching, and university selection. The main difference between Unicarpool and other existing ride-hailing apps is that rides will have only between students. To minimize safety issues, users will be authenticated by school id and email, making sure they are a student at the same university. One of the advantages of Unicarpool is that it is significantly customizable. It can be personalized by adding profile pictures and reviews, as well as, configure to meet individual needs such as one gender ride or location of pick up. This strengthens the website's identity in the community. 

Unicarpool offers a special level of flexibility for its users. Whether you need a ride from anywhere to your selected university or wish to provide transportation, the platform allows you to post a ride with the specified number of available seats. Alternatively, you can quickly find a ride to school as soon as they become available. This unique flexibility empowers users to obtain or provide transportation at any time. Unicarpool makes transportation convenient and accessible for all, regardless of their location or schedule. 
